Total Score is 97/100 - Logical Operators(2) and Loops(1) not necessary in my process.

Form Validations and Other Events (60 points):

Inline Event Handler Approach (15 points): 
	common_page.html includes inline event handler when user clicks user which lets them know they are a producer

Listener Approach (15 points):
	producer1.html includes an event listener for the "previous" and "next" day buttons.
	producer3.html includes an event listener for clicking on playlist containers to change text color and background color.

Event Types (20 points):
	All HTML files include various event types, such as "click" on different elements.

Validating Forms (10 points): 
	producer1.html includes a character count limit for the search function and also checks for bad words

Manipulate Style (30 points):

Modifying a DOM Element (15 points):
	common_page.html modifies the DOM by opening and closing a dialog box when clicking on the "User" button.
	producer1.html modifies the DOM by updating the date display when clicking on "previous" and "next" day buttons.

Properties (5 points): 
	producer3.html works with properties by changing the background color to green when clicked on

Window Object (10 points): 
	producer1.html uses alert property to let user know when bad word is entered in search bar
	producer3.html uses DOMContentLoaded property when selecting a playlist

Demonstrates Use of Various JavaScript Fundamentals (10 points):

Variables (2 points): 
	All HTML files use variables for various purposes.

Comparison Operators (2 points): 
	producer1.html compares user input with bad words list and to check length

Logical Operators (2 points): 
	None of the HTML files explicitly demonstrate the use of logical operators as in the example provided.

Conditionals (2 points): 
	producer1.html uses if statement to check for bad words in search bar

Loops (1 point): 
	None of the HTML files explicitly demonstrate the use of loops as in the example provided.

Functions (1 point): 
	producer3.html defines a function (changeTextColorAndBackground) and attaches an event listener, which demonstrates the ability to create and use functions.
